---
title: "Release Note: V1.7.0"
categories:
  - Release
tags:
  - official
---

### Date
August 2, 2024

### New Features and Improvements

* BioEntry W3 is supported.
* Supports [Custom Smart Card]({{'/api/card/' | relative_url}}#CustomConfig).
* Supports setting Anti-Passback on the door.
* Improved to support multi-threading environments.
* Improved to allow activating or deactivating User Status updates.
* [Ignore Repeated Signals Duration]({{'/api/action/' | relative_url}}#Trigger) is added to [Trigger & Action API]({{'/api/action/' | relative_url}}).
* Support for HID Prox and iCLASS cards on the XPass 2 (XP2-MAPB).
* Supports the [Display Result from Controller]({{'/api/display/' | relative_url}}#ShowOSDPResult) feature for displaying authentication results from a 3rd party controller on the device screen when using Intelligent Slave.
* Added new options in [Device Capability]({{'/api/device/' | relative_url}}#DeviceCapability).

**Note:** **The device log filtering API GetLogWithFilter has been Deprecated. It is recommended that filtering be performed on the server using GetLog, EnableMonitoring and SubscribeRealtimeLog.**

The device log filtering GetLogWithFilter API reviews the device's logs against the conditions set by the server. <BR>
This means that the device may invest considerable time in log filtering, and as the number of logs on the device increases, more time will be required. <BR> <BR>
Also, logs are not permanently stored on the device. <BR>
If the maximum number of logs that the device can hold is exceeded, the device will overwrite the oldest logs, and logs older than a certain period of time may be automatically deleted. <BR>
It is recommended that all logs from the device be stored and managed on a server. <BR> <BR>
It is recommended that logs be received in bulk from the device using the GetLog API, and that logs occurring after the current time be received in real time using the EnableMonitoring and SubscribeRealtimeLog APIs, so that the server stores all logs in an appropriate DBMS and filters the logs from the DBMS.
{: .notice--warning}